Remove excessive em-dashes (#121)
myyoda/principles-paper: main.tex

The FAIR principles\cite{wilkinson_fair_2016} and FAIR4RS guidelines\cite{barker_introducing_2022} provide structured guidance for making digital objects findable, accessible, interoperable, and reusable.
The Workflow Community Initiative (WCI-FW)\cite{wilkinson_applying_2025} mapped these principles onto computational workflows but explicitly chose not to define new ones, instead treating workflows as hybrid data/software objects.
STAMPED addresses a complementary question: how a research object should be organized and managed so it can actually be re-executed, extended, and redistributed.
Both frameworks cover overlapping concerns.
For example, persistent identifiers serve both Findability and Tracking, but accent different aspects: FAIR emphasizes discovery and interoperability across repositories, while STAMPED emphasizes improving the operational maturity of scientific workflows in day-to-day research practice.

Many researchers already employ practices that address these operational properties, such as version control, containerized environments, structured project directories, and documented analysis steps.

> But the community lacks a shared vocabulary for referring to these ideas, evaluating how thoroughly they are applied, and communicating that evaluation to collaborators and reviewers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yet the community lacks a shared vocabulary for referring to these ideas, evaluating how thoroughly they are applied, and communicating that evaluation to collaborators and reviewers.
```

Author: "Yet, " ?

Sounds abrupt to start that with 'The' (even the original em-dash form had 'but')

Reviewer: Yet and But both feel a little abrupt to me, but I'm fine with either

Each change is individually small but collectively difficult to document manually.
The result is environment drift, where an environment that works but may not be reconstructable from its specification alone.
When this occurs, undocumented steps can go unnoticed when internalized knowledge silently fills the gaps.
Ephemerality eliminates this problem by construction: a disposable environment built from tracked specifications cannot carry undocumented state, so any successful execution exercises Self-containment, Actionability, and specification completeness.

The spectrum of Ephemerality ranges from manually setting up a fresh environment from the project's specification (which is usually sufficient to catch environment drift) to fully automated disposable environments created and destroyed per execution.
At the ideal end, ephemeral computation also enables testing across different host systems, where same-host execution validates specification completeness and different-host execution validates that specifications are not coupled to a specific system.

> The FAIRly big workflow approach\cite{wagner_fairly_2022} and other distributed computing platforms such as SLURM or Code Ocean operationalize this ideal, treating each computation as an ephemeral work unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FAIRly big workflow\cite{wagner_fairly_2022} and other approaches to using distributed computing platforms such as SLURM or Code Ocean operationalize this ideal, treating each computation as an ephemeral work unit.
```
